Unlike traditional bulb ear syringes that can damage the ear if inserted too far, the unique Aculife Ear Wax Removal Syringe features a flared tip design to prevent over insertion while effectively cleaning the ears and preventing ear wax buildup. The unique tip directs fluid to the ear canal walls using a tri-stream directional jet ensuring an even safer and more effective alternative to direct flow syringes. The ear wax removal syringe is used to effectively dislodge stubborn ear wax and other debris. Exit portals allow for drainage ensuring no pressure build-up occurs and any wax or debris is effectively drained safely away. For ear wax blockages it is advisable to soften the wax prior to syringing with olive oil. This unique product is designed for home use and comes complete with full user instructions, an improved syringe with a larger 50ml capacity & 10 Salt Sachets. Not to be used with children under 3 years of age.|
You are buying 100 x wipes. These are typically used for cleaning the skin before injections but are also perfect for cleaning electronic components as well as a multiple of other uses. The wipes are individually wrapped and impregnated with 70% isopropyl alcohol which will kill most common bacteria.|
Child's teeth are not just practice teeth. They hold the spaces for their adult teeth waiting in the gums.
Aquafresh Milk Teeth toothbrush is specially designed by dental experts for children 0-2 years to help clean all surfaces of those precious first teeth.
Start using as soon as your baby's first tooth emerges.|
Clinell Alcohol Wipes contain 70% isopropyl alcohol and act as a rapid disinfectant for non-invasive medical devices, or as a pre-infection swab - with proven bactericidal action, they kill 99.999% of germs including E. coli, Enterococcus, Pseudomonas and MRSA according to EN1276 and EN13727. Their antibacterial formula, low smear, medical grade alcohol evaporates quickly leaving no residue, makes them suitable for use on a wide range of surfaces such as glass, stainless steel and monitor screens. |
Pack of 100 Large Clinell Multi-Purpose Alcohol Wipes to clean and disinfect.
Clinell Alcohol Wipes contain 70% isopropyl alcohol and act as a rapid disinfectant for non-invasive medical devices, or as a pre-infection swab - with proven bactericidal action, they kill 99.999% of germs including E. coli, Enterococcus, Pseudomonas and MRSA according to EN1276 and EN13727.
Their low smear, antibacterial formula makes them suitable for use on a wide range of surfaces and equipment including mattresses, bed frames, computer screens, keyboards and telephones.